cyberlinux is leveraging many open source works to provide a modified
copy mixed with new source content by the developer phR0ze.  As such many
open source licenses are in play.  However all source is publlicly available
via github and all original licenses intact as specified by the originators,
thus any GPL or other open source licenses should be satisfied.

Any source developed by phR0ze in the making of this project such as Reduce
(i.e. reduce.rb and supporting ruby libs, tests and scripts) as well as yaml
configuration, shell scripts etc.. made by phR0ze are licensed under the 
MIT License below where not conflicting with existing licenses.  In the case
of existing software that has been included or modified the license of the
existing software (e.g. GPL2, GPL3 etc...) apply where applicable.

MIT License
Copyright (c) 2017 phR0ze

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
